The red axis in the workspace-view image represents wrist X-axis motion. It roughly corresponds to positive X motion causing the gripper to move to the left of the workspace view. Negative X motion causes the gripper to move to the right of the workspace view. The green axis in the workspace-view image represents wrist Y-axis motion. It roughly corresponds to positive Y motion causing the gripper to move down the workspace view image. Negative Y motion causes the gripper to move up the workspace view image. The blue axis in the workspace-view image represents wrist Z-axis motion. It roughly corresponds to positive Z motion causing the gripper to move out of the workspace view image. Negative Z motion causes the gripper to move into the workspace view image. The right part of the image with the labeled wrist axes shows the wrist frame of the robot with the X-axis pointing up, the Y-axis pointing horizontally away, and the Z-axis pointing horizontally.
With this close up view of the red wrist X-axis, we can more clearly see that the wrist X-axis motion corresponds to vertical motion relative to the gripper, and vertical motion up and down in the world. We can update the wrist X-axis motion to move the gripper vertically in the world. With this close up view of the green wrist Y-axis, we can more clearly see that the wrist Y-axis motion corresponds to motion directly away from the hinge and toward the camera/robot. We can update the wrist Y-axis motion to move the gripper towards and away from the camera/robot. With this close up view of the blue wrist Z-axis, we can more clearly see that the wrist Z-axis motion corresponds to left-right motion in the world. We can update the wrist Z-axis motion to move the gripper left and right in the world. 
To accomplish the task in the wrist frame, the object must be moved down along the X axis to close the case, and moved away from the hinges along the Y axis in order to close the case, and no motion along the Z axis is required.
Wrist Motion = [-0.05, 0.15, 0.0]